docs: small addition around fluentd vs hpa vs data ingestion delay (#2101)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: deploy/docs/monitoring-lag.md

    This dashboard can be found from the `Cluster` level in `Explore`, and is a great way
    of holistically judging if your collection process is working as expected.

1. Fluentd CPU usage

    Whenever your Fluentd pods CPU consumption is near the limit you could experience
    a delay in data ingestion. Many times it is caused by unsufficient amount of Fluentd
    instances being available. We advise to use the
    [Fluentd autoscaling](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/release-v2.5/deploy/docs/Best_Practices.md#fluentd-autoscaling)
    with help of Horizontal Pod Autoscaler to mitigate this issue.
    

>     Also if the HPA is
>     enabled but the maximum number of instanes limit has been reached it will cause a delay.
>     To mitigate this please increase the maximum number of instances for the HPA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Also if the HPA is enabled but the maximum number of instances (configured in the HPA)
    has been reached, it will cause a delay.
    To mitigate this please increase the maximum number of instances for the HPA.
```

>     To mitigate this please increase the maximum number of instances for the HPA.

Author: That's fair, let me add that.

>     To mitigate this please increase the maximum number of instances for the HPA.

Author: Added.
